today was we had another day of
testimony and turmoil in Washington DC
with more witnesses on the way its
Ukrainian men and it is amazing so this
afternoon we learned that former
national security adviser John Bolton
has been invited to appear before
Congress he was fired last month by
Trump so that would be a fun one today
they heard from the Deputy Secretary of
State who fingered Rudy Giuliani in a
smear campaign hey you know although who
knows with these people you know how
Trump keeps claiming the White House
released an exact transcript of his call
with the president of Ukraine
well not exactly exact according to the
top ukraine advisor in the National
Security Council
Lieutenant Colonel Alexander VIN Minh he
was on the call he says the transcript
we saw left out key words and phrases
and he knows that because he tried to
correct it unsuccessfully I guess he
said the transcript the White House
released was missing crucial details
like Trump asking about recordings of
Joe Biden president zalenski mentioning
the company hunter Biden worked for and
all the times the president burped into
his McFlurry they cut that he also told
Congress that he believed there was a
quid pro quo and the president was
personally blocking military aid to
Ukraine to force them to investigate the
Biden's his opponent and as if that
wasn't enough according to the
Washington Post the Ukrainians sent a
delegation to the White House in July
the diplomats are going through their
talking points about fighting corruption
all that stuff when Trump's guy this
ambassador Gordon Sandlin brought up
these investigations Trump was asking
for and at that point John Bolton was so
upset he stopped the meeting kicked
everyone out of his office at which
point Sandlin took the Ukrainians down
to the basement which isn't suspicious
at all and Bolton sent one of his people
down to follow them and guess what they
were talking about quid pro and quo the
three horsemen of extortion but the
president
still blaming everyone else for
everything he was a bright and early
lashing out
he wrote the Republicans are very
unified energized in our fight on the
impeachment hoax with the do-nothing
Democrats and now are starting to go
after the substance even more than the
very in fair process it has totally
totally unfair and almost in American
you might say and the president is
probably pooping his inter pants right
now to the call with the Ukrainian
president was a totally appropriate one
as he said no pressure
this impeachment nonsense is just a
continuation of the witch-hunt hoax
which was going on since before I even
got elected Republicans go with
substance and close it up now how does
it have you you know how hard it is to
tweet Republic in its I mean every phone
not only underlines it and write a
little trip will check with you if
that's to see if that's what you really
want so I give your barber if you asked
him for a bowl cut he'd be like are you
sure I mean go ahead try to text someone
rule public in right now it's almost
impossible to do if you misspell word
and then press the spacebar it corrects
it on a mat you actually have to go back
to misspell it which means Donald Trump
is so obstinate he won't even admit he's
wrong to his phone now this was another
interesting
we have new details about what went down
during the raid that killed the leader
of Isis over the weekend the White House
reportedly did not inform Trump's chief
of staff about the operation Mick
Mulvaney was left in the dark which
isn't a great sign for him because this
is kind of a big thing according the
White House in charge the only thing
Mick Mulvaney knows in advance is when
Warby Parker's having a sale on tiny
round glasses and in the midst of all
this team Trump is mad at of all people
me the Trump campaign is depending that
I issue a correction for something I
said on Monday night the director of
communications for the Trump campaign
this guy Tim Murtagh tweeted trying for
a cheap laughs Jimmy Kimmel Live last
night repeated the long disproven lie by
the way I said this Monday the thing
happens I don't know how his long
disparate but that the president was
golfing during the al-baghdadi raid a
Twitter lie pushed by Obama photographer
Pete Souza real timeline was out way
before Kimmel show he should retract and
correct and then he showed the timeline
and first of all I looked into it and he
was right actually the information we
had was incorrect Trump was at one of
his golf courses for the 238th time
since taking office but he did he
finished the round that was back at the
White House by five o'clock whether or
not they were waiting for him to finish
the round
I imagine Delta Force sitting in there
in the choppers locked and loaded going
what hole is he on now because we liked
it but nevertheless I was wrong and I
I officially retract and correct my
statement because it's the right thing
to do and so now that that's behind us
maybe he will retract and correct what
he said about me Jimmy Kimmel would meet
me before the election
I'm telling you true story I don't even
think you'd deny it no talent but I go
to a studio to do a shot you know to do
a thing he would stand outside of the
sidewalk waiting for me oh here he comes
Donald Trump Oh huh he opens my door I
said does he do this to everybody to his
people he does it for nobody now who
knows maybe there was just but he's
waiting for me two or three times I did
a show before this old now he wouldn't
do a show her guys terrible but I do a
show and he's standing out on Hollywood
whatever Boulevard and he's standing
here opening up the door like going
great oh hello I wasn't president I was
like a guy right the guy with potential
yeah
almost every word of that is a lie other
than I don't I do it for nobody that
part is true I do it for nobody
including him I've never and I assume
when he said I was terrible he meant
terrific which is what he tweeted about
me before he was president Anna maybe
that was a misspelling too but as for
this this fairytale he shared here's a
timeline of what actually occurred when
Trump was on our Joe at about 4:30 p.m.
Donald Trump showed up in our back
parking lot not on Hollywood Boulevard
was greeted by a producer his car like
every other guest I was not there to
greet him nor have I ever waited in the
parking lot or anywhere for any guests
outside at 5:10 p.m. Trump walked on
stage first time I saw him I shook his
little hand I interviewed him
probably went to Hooters next door I
have no idea and I will be willing to
testify to that on the road as would the
Secret Service who was with them at the
time I'm sure so let me know Tim when
the president will retract and correct
that weird detailed lie he made up about
me it's been more than a year I'm
waiting and while you're working on
factual accuracy your boss is now lied
in public approximately fourteen
thousand times since he took office so
he should probably start there
attracting and correcting soon because
he's 73 hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel I hope you
enjoyed that video hit subscribe and all
your dreams will come true assuming your
dreams are to watch more YouTube videos